welcome to the puppy GPS I'm your host
ciao ciao and today we are going to talk
about puppies puppies come in all
different sizes shapes and colors you
can see this puppy here it looks like a
fuzzy doll it's so white
it's so wonderful let's move on let's
look at this one
this pug is wearing a sweater it's so
cute it's so beautiful let's look at the
next puppy well what do we have here a
puppy driving a vehicle that's not
allowed but it's okay because it's a
puppy
let's look at this one it's tiny it's
small
and it's looking straight into the
camera right into your heart look at
this one it's so tiny it's all by itself
lying down they're so cute and cuddly
then we look at this one hanging up on a
string I'm sure they really enjoyed that
one how wonderful this is
and then last but not least this one
right here this dog had a little bit too
much to drink it's taking a nap and it
will be up very soon but in the meantime
if you want some real information then
you could check out my website the money
GPS com